[{"paragraph":"nisarg kadam is UiPath MVP. Nisarg kadam lives in india. He is a youtuber. ","question":"Where does nisarg live?"}]
[{"paragraph":"nisarg is a youtuber. He works with UiPath. Nisarg lives in india. Nisarg is 24 years old. Nisarg likes to eat rice.","question":"What is the age of nisarg?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Sedimentary rocks are formed by the process of sedimentation. Layer after layer of minerals is deposited over a great span of time, resulting in the formation of a sedimentary rock. As a result, each layer is different if the conditions under which its deposits were different. Thus we can say that a sedimentary rock is a sort of museum, holding the records of all the time over which it was formed, which by all means can be as long as a billion years.","question":"how sedimentary rocks are formed?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Sedimentary rocks are formed by the process of sedimentation. Layer after layer of minerals is deposited over a great span of time, resulting in the formation of a sedimentary rock. As a result, each layer is different if the conditions under which its deposits were different. Thus we can say that a sedimentary rock is a sort of museum, holding the records of all the time over which it was formed, which by all means can be as long as a billion years.","question":"What is sedimentary rock?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Sedimentary rocks are formed by the process of sedimentation. Layer after layer of minerals is deposited over a great span of time, resulting in the formation of a sedimentary rock. As a result, each layer is different if the conditions under which its deposits were different. Thus we can say that a sedimentary rock is a sort of museum, holding the records of all the time over which it was formed, which by all means can be as long as a billion years.","question":"How sedimentary rocks are formed?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Sedimentary rocks are formed by the process of sedimentation. Layer after layer of minerals is deposited over a great span of time, resulting in the formation of a sedimentary rock. As a result, each layer is different if the conditions under which its deposits were different. Thus we can say that a sedimentary rock is a sort of museum, holding the records of all the time over which it was formed, which by all means can be as long as a billion years.","question":"what is a sedimentary rock?"}]
[{"paragraph":"The constitution of India is very well written. It not only defines the need for fundamental human rights but also ensures that we do not abuse these laws. The access to justice is one such law but in the present political scenario, this right like other such rights has been hidden from the marginalized section of the society. As a result, we can say that for such classes of the society, there is no such thing as a constitution.","question":"What the consistution of india defined?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Sedimentary rocks are formed by the process of sedimentation. Layer after layer of minerals is deposited over a great span of time, resulting in the formation of a sedimentary rock. As a result, each layer is different if the conditions under which its deposits were different. Thus we can say that a sedimentary rock is a sort of museum, holding the records of all the time over which it was formed, which by all means can be as long as a billion years.","question":"How sedinetary rocks are created?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Sedimentary rocks are formed by the process of sedimentation. Layer after layer of minerals is deposited over a great span of time, resulting in the formation of a sedimentary rock. As a result, each layer is different if the conditions under which its deposits were different. Thus we can say that a sedimentary rock is a sort of museum, holding the records of all the time over which it was formed, which by all means can be as long as a billion years.","question":"What is museum?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Sedimentary rocks are formed by the process of sedimentation. Layer after layer of minerals is deposited over a great span of time, resulting in the formation of a sedimentary rock. As a result, each layer is different if the conditions under which its deposits were different. Thus we can say that a sedimentary rock is a sort of museum, holding the records of all the time over which it was formed, which by all means can be as long as a billion years.","question":"what is sedimetary rock?"}]
[{"paragraph":"The constitution of India is very well written. It not only defines the need for fundamental human rights but also ensures that we do not abuse these laws. The access to justice is one such law but in the present political scenario, this right like other such rights has been hidden from the marginalized section of the society. As a result, we can say that for such classes of the society, there is no such thing as a constitution.","question":"Who wrote the constitution of India?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Nisarg is hero.","question":"Who is hero?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Space exploration is a very exciting field of research. It is the frontier of Physics and no doubt will change the understanding of science. However, it does come at a cost. A normal space shuttle costs about 1.5 billion dollars to make. The annual budget of NASA, which is a premier space exploring organization is about $17 billion. So the question that some people ask is that whether it is worth it?","question":"What is the cost of space shuttle?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Space exploration is a very exciting field of research. It is the frontier of Physics and no doubt will change the understanding of science. However, it does come at a cost. A normal space shuttle costs about 1.5 billion dollars to make. The annual budget of NASA, which is a premier space exploring organization is about $17 billion. So the question that some people ask is that whether it is worth it?","question":"What is space shuttle?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Space exploration is a very exciting field of research. It is the frontier of Physics and no doubt will change the understanding of science. However, it does come at a cost. A normal space shuttle costs about 1.5 billion dollars to make. The annual budget of NASA, which is a premier space exploring organization is about $17 billion. So the question that some people ask is that whether it is worth it?","question":"Which is the most exciting field of research ?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Sedimentary rocks are formed by the process of sedimentation. Layer after layer of minerals is deposited over a great span of time, resulting in the formation of a sedimentary rock. As a result, each layer is different if the conditions under which its deposits were different. Thus we can say that a sedimentary rock is a sort of museum, holding the records of all the time over which it was formed, which by all means can be as long as a billion years.","question":"what is sedimentary?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Sedimentary rocks are formed by the process of sedimentation. Layer after layer of minerals is deposited over a great span of time, resulting in the formation of a sedimentary rock. As a result, each layer is different if the conditions under which its deposits were different. Thus we can say that a sedimentary rock is a sort of museum, holding the records of all the time over which it was formed, which by all means can be as long as a billion years.","question":"How sedimentary rocks are formed?"}]
[{"paragraph":"Sedimentary rocks are formed by the process of sedimentation. Layer after layer of minerals is deposited over a great span of time, resulting in the formation of a sedimentary rock. As a result, each layer is different if the conditions under which its deposits were different. Thus we can say that a sedimentary rock is a sort of museum, holding the records of all the time over which it was formed, which by all means can be as long as a billion years.","question":"What is a sedimentary rock?"}]